it's not just the car
essential in geneva the salon is
mostly known for its abundance of
supercars so I'm not hiding you that
this year in the back but do not
really new but we have you
still concocted a top 5 of what he
is getting faster be more expensive in
fifth position you have a
novelty that is not really a
you take the front of a peace a
drop of a sweet and is the result
of this relationship a little bit
ambitious is the 650s mechanical side
rose 8 3 and 8 biturbo of the sweet
and with 25 more horses for
reach 650 horses
you can see it both in version
closed or spyder version but if you
prefer the grandmother the p1 is just
behind
in fourth position it is not no
more a novelty is even far from it
since the concept was present and
now fifteen years ago at the salon of
tokyo
this is a new limited series
based on bugatti veyron great sport
speed the rewrap repeating not
just like the painter but rather like
the brother of ettore bugatti who was
sculptor under the hood you have
always 1200 horses and price level
she will be yours for 2.18 million
euros in third position
from the last we are promised the
last pagani zonda
it's a car reserved for circuits
it's the revolt dronne it has always
its v12 amg 2.7 liter 3 which develops
800 horsepower and then this millefeuille of
carbon makes it weighs only 1070 kg
and if you go on the road with
your pagani and still remains the huayra
in second position we are
now shekoni Greek to see a
evolution of the gerra it is a
single order made by a customer
baptized one one one one why it's
its weight / power ratio since it
makes one thousand three hundred and sixty horses
for one thousand three hundred and sixty kilos
finally in first position it is about
the only real novelty among the
supercars it's the zenn vo st 1 she
comes to us from Denmark is one of eight
sites 8 at once compressed and
supercharged she is developing 1104 show and
she will be yours eight hundred
a thousand euros